Job description
Posting End Date:
June 29, 2026

Employee Type:
Regular-Full time

Union/Non:
This is a non-union position

Enbridge is seeking Indigenous professionals in various positions. If you'd like to be connected with our Indigenous Recruitment Advisor who can reach out to you with future opportunities across Canada that fit your skill set, please apply today!?

Enbridge is committed to growing the representation of Indigenous peoples in its workplace. We seek to build long-term, tangible economic benefits, and career opportunities for members of Indigenous communities and tribal groups. This commitment aligns with the principles in our Indigenous Peoples Policy and ensures the representation of our workforce better matches the makeup of the communities where we work.

What you will do:

Our culture is a welcoming, respectful team environment where everyone is committed to helping each other feel energized, valued, and appreciated. This is the spirit that moves our company forward, improving and building our inclusive environment.

Our business approach is guided by our values of Safety, Integrity, Respect, and Inclusion. These values help us to establish trust with our people, customers, and the hundreds of communities we serve across North America. We believe strongly in supporting the communities where we live and operate-by giving back and contributing to their strength and vitality.

Enbridge believes in sharing the success of our company with the people who make it happen - our employees. Our competitive and flexible Total Compensation package - which includes compensation, benefits, career development and paid time off - allows each employee to choose the plan that best suits their needs.

We also have an Indigenous Employee Resource Group that strives to build a safe place for Indigenous and non-indigenous employees to share, learn and grow together. This group provides employees support in their personal and professional journeys through community engagement, celebrating culture awareness and engaging in Indigenous activities.

Who you are:

We are looking for people of all abilities, experience and skill levels who share our passion to be the best in everything we do, from safe and reliable operations, to sophisticated solutions for our customers and our communities.

Our team requires people who possess strong leadership qualities, high initiative, outstanding technical and analytical abilities, and strong planning, organization, communication, and interpersonal skills.
• *Preference may be given to a candidate who identifies as Indigenous (First Nations, Metis, Inuit).

We frequently seek qualified candidates in the following functional areas:
• Engineering: Civil, mechanical, and electrical engineers
• Information Systems: Systems and business analysts and developers
• Pipeline Operations: Electrical and mechanical technicians, plant and system operators, Environment and Safety advisors, pipeline maintenance personnel
• Accounting: Accounting and financial analysts, internal auditors and tax accountants
• Business: Human Resources, Information Technology, Contracting and Procurement, Administrative Professionals

#joinourteam #LI-Hybrid

At Enbridge, we are dedicated to our core value of Inclusion.We are proud to bean Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to age, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family status, veteran status, Indigenous status, disability, or any other reason protected by federal, state, or local law.Applicants with disabilities can request accessible formats, communication supports, or other accessibility assistance by contacting careers@enbridge.com.

Information For Applicants:
• Applications can be submitted via our online recruiting system only.
• We appreciate your interest in working with us; however, only those applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
• Final candidates for this position may be required to undergo a security screening, including a criminal records check.

To learn more about us, visit www.enbridge.com